hey everyone this is matt hair from soft
arnett and they'll be reviewing the
ideas on fragment gaming mousepad the
fragment has great design for one thing
it's huge so you don't have to worry
about sliding off the mouse pad when
you're doing any kind of gaming or
application work to get an idea about
how big it is it's about the same size
as a standard piece of printer paper not
only does the frame at look great but it
tracks great it has this nice surface on
it that's polished to where whenever a
laser optical engine comes in contact
with it reflects it back in a manner to
where you get optimal performance out of
whatever Mouse you're using another
great thing about this mouse pad is that
it's paper then in terms of height it's
18 of a millimeter thick so it's about
the same size as three standard pieces
of printer paper the underside of this
mouse pad is just another great thing
that they've added to help with grip now
the felt kind of texture that it has is
really great for holding to the desk and
it's even good for putting some
joysticks on that have lost their
footing the friend that has very
definitive features it holds up to any
kind of tracking you could throw at it
it's got great design and most of all
its land party friendly which is a big
step now the only thing I think that
would hinder you from buying this will
be how large it is it is a very big
mouse pad but since it's so thin it's
easily slipped under a keyboard or any
kind of other you know peripheral you
could think of other than that its
overall very nice mouse pad and I think
that anyone would want to buy this that
they were looking in that direction I
hope you enjoyed this review and rear
from we're honest in-depth reviews for
our real gamers check out the review
section on soft over that net till next
time see
you